sign up for cusehacks
i love ??? shes the best
willow is the greatest sister ever
you can say im being socially distant cuz im out of this world
pinch pinch
weekly reminder: ??? rulez
its so cold
i wish i had fingers instead of claws so it didnt take me 6 days to write a tweet
mia mamma
i had the best dream last night and ??? was in it. we were hanging out in buffalo
there should be a competition for who can eat the most lemons with the rind in 5 mins
i'll be your pet peeve
alexa has nothing on me
i love going to wegmans cuz i always make new lobster friends
SEND BLACK OLIVES
i get mistaken for larry the lobster from spongebob so often
??? help i have ligma
cant wait to go surfing this summer
take me to buffalo
hope everyone has a good day :)
??? hi ur the best
yo squirrels suck you can @ me
the squirrels didnt like my last tweet and wont leave me alone whenever i go out
bark bark
my tweets are nowhere near the level of ??? tweets
rip chunky
was it a bell rung for taco time, a bell shaped taco, or a taco shaped bell
sleeping zzzzzzzz
oh no i overslept
have i ever mentioned how awesome ??? is
somedays u hit the woah, other days u hit the oh no
one day i will free my brothers and sisters
human, no. dancer, no. lobster, yes
??? is the funniest person in the universe
i'm so hungry i might just eat a lobster
ill beat you in gobblet any day
i mean you can compare apples to oranges as fruits so i dont get it
01101001 00111100 00110011 01100011 01100001 01101001 01110100
when he says aint seen nothing yet until you're Downtown, i feel that
you ever think about if its time for a haircut but then realize you're a lobster?
beep bop boop bop beep beep ???
when are they gonna do surgery on a banana
sweeeeet carolineeee bum bum buuum
even when i cheat i cant beat ??? at mario kart
always thought it was the granny awards
if you dont follow ??? like what are you doing?
follow up from my last tweet go follow her here and on tiktok
the war against the squirrels continues
cant wait for the sequel with none pizza right beef
lobster fun fact: contrary to popular belief, us lobsters do not mate for life
another fun fact about us lobsters: we have poor eyesight but have highly developed senses of smell and taste
fun fact 3: we are nocturnal
??? we should go to maine one day
fav couple of all time is washer and dryer
